## Access Control (ACL)
### Review, Research, and Discussion
- When is Basic Authorization used vs. Bearer Authorization?
    - Basic authentication transmits credentials as user ID/password pairs, encoded using base64. The client sends HTTP requests with the Authorization header that contains the word Basic word followed by a space and a base64-encoded string username:password.
    - Bearer authentication (also called token authentication) has security tokens called bearer tokens. The name “Bearer authentication” can be understood as “give access to the bearer of this token.” The bearer token is a cryptic string, usually generated by the server in response to a login request.
- What does the JSON Web Token package do?
    - defines a compact and self-contained way for securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object.
- What considerations should we make when creating and storing a SECRET?
    - Never store unencrypted secrets in .git repositories. Avoid git add * commands on git. Add sensitive files in .gitignore. 
    - Don't rely on code reviews to discover secrets. ...
    - Don't share your secrets unencrypted in messaging systems like slack.
    - Store secrets safely.

### Document the following Vocabulary Terms
- encryption: is the method by which information is converted into secret code that hides the information's true meaning. 
- token:a piece of information that you can present to some service that by virtue of you having it grants you access to something.
- bearer: basically says "Give the bearer of this token access". The Bearer Token is normally some kind of opaque value created by the authentication server. It isn't random; it is created based upon the user giving you access and the client your application getting access.
- secret: a string that used to encrypt the token when we create it and identify it when its come back to our server. 
- JSON Web Token: It is used to send information that can be verified and trusted by means of a digital signature. 

### Preview
- Which 3 things had you heard about previously and now have better clarity on?
    - access control.

- Which 3 things are you hoping to learn more about in the upcoming lecture/demo?
    - RBAC 
    - Attribute-based access control ABAC.
    - Encryption
- What are you most excited about trying to implement or see how it works?
    - RBAC 
> prepration : Role-based access control (RBAC) restricts network access based on a person's role within an organization and has become one of the main methods for advanced access control. The roles in RBAC refer to the levels of access that employees have to the network.