## Bearer Authorization
### Review, Research, and Discussion
- Write the following steps in the correct order:
    - Register your application to get a client_id and client_secret.
    - Ask the client if they want to sign in via a third party.
    - Redirect to a third party authentication endpoint.
    - Make a request to a third-party API endpoint
    - Receive authorization code.
    - Make a request to the access token endpoint.
    - Receive access token

- What can you do with an authorization code?
    - we can split it and decode it to compare and make sure if the user password is valid.
- What can you do with an access token?
    - Access tokens are the thing that applications use to make API requests on behalf of a user. The access token represents the authorization of a specific application to access specific parts of a user’s data.
- What’s a benefit of using OAuth instead of your own basic authentication?
    - While the OAuth 2 “password” grant type is a more complex interaction than Basic authentication, the implementation of access tokens is worth it. Managing an API program without access tokens can provide you with less control, and there is zero chance of implementing an access token strategy with Basic authentication.

## Document the following Vocabulary Terms
- Client ID: is a unique eight-digit number generated by the depository participants to easily identify their clients.
- Client Secret: is a secret known only to your application and the authorization server. It protects your resources by only granting tokens to authorized requestors. Protect your client secrets and never include them in mobile or browser-based apps.
- Authentication Endpoint: is an authentication mechanism used to verify the identity of a network's external or remote connecting device.This method ensures that only valid or authorized endpoint devices are connected to a network. 
- Access Token Endpoint:  is where apps make a request to get an access token for a user. This section describes how to verify token requests and how to return the appropriate response and errors.
- API Endpoint: is a point at which an application program interface (API) -- the code that allows two software programs to communicate with each other -- connects with the software program.
- Authorization Code: is an alphanumeric password that authorizes its user to purchase, sell or transfer items, or to enter information into a security-protected space.
- Access Token: Access tokens are used in token-based authentication to allow an application to access an API. 

### Preview
>- Which 3 things had you heard about previously and now have better clarity on?
>    - Bearer Token.
>
>- Which 3 things are you hoping to learn more about in the upcoming lecture/demo?
>    - JWT
>- What are you most excited about trying to implement or see how it works?
>    - Using Json web token in and Bearer auth. 
> prepration :
> - What is JSON Web Token?
>    - JSON Web Token (JWT) is an open standard (RFC 7519) that defines a compact and self-contained way for securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object. This information can be verified and trusted because it is digitally signed. JWTs can be signed using a secret.
>- What is the JSON Web Token structure?
>   - Header
>    - Payload
>    - Signature
>- How do JSON Web Tokens work?
>    - In authentication, when the user successfully logs in using their credentials, a JSON Web Token will be returned.
>    - Whenever the user wants to access a protected route or resource, the user agent should send the JWT, typically in the Authorization header using the Bearer schema.
